last weekend I had a crawfish boil at my
house my daughter Katie graduated from
college and for some reason she wanted a
crawfish boil to celebrate so we had
when I ordered these live crawfish from
Louisiana and crawfish if you haven't
seen one alive it they look like
depending upon your point of view either
tiny little lobsters or great big bugs
and a lot of people at the party were
scared of them especially my aunt chippy
she hated them so after the party I sent
some home with my cousin Eric to put it
in her purse but some live ones had a
couple that was still alive but Eric
didn't put them into her purse instead
he put them under a plate while she was
making breakfast the next morning and
here's how that went
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go see
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
first words and they need sister
crawfish to the park and they released
them in like a little pondered although
they still want to kill each other but
there they go yeah it was up to me I
would have released them in an chippies
bed but so we have fun I think is the
moral to that story hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
thanks for watching it means a lot to me
and if you'd like to take our
relationship to the next level click the
subscribe button below I'll wait for you
[Music]